chore(travis): Change to numberOfJobs (#1501)
spinnaker/spinnaker.github.io: setup/ci/travis.md

   --address https://api.travis-ci.org \
   --base-url https://travis-ci.org \
   --github-token <token> \ # The GitHub token to authenticate to Travis
   --number-of-jobs # How many jobs the integration should fetch each

>                     # time the poller runs, higher than max expected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    # time the poller runs. Set this higher than the max
```

>                     # during polling interval. Defaults to 100.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    # you expect during polling interval.
                    # Defaults to 100.
```
